Update wasm functions docs for v0.4 plugin (#1549)
fermyon/developer: content/wasm-functions/get-logs.md

- [Retrieving Logs of Your Application](#retrieving-logs-of-your-application)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

Retrieving logs of your Spin applications at runtime is crucial to understand runtime behavior and for gathering insights.

## Retrieving Logs of Your Application

Use the `spin aka logs` command, to retrieve logs of your Spin application deployed to _Fermyon Wasm Functions_.

> By default it will provide logs for the application that your workspace is [linked to](app-linking). If your workspace is not linked to an application, you can specify the application name using the `--app-name` flag.

Reviewer: Clarified why a user would want to pass just the `--app-name` flag vs link their workspace
```suggestion
By default, this command provides logs for the application your workspace is [linked to](app-linking). If your workspace isn't linked to an application, you can either specify the application name using the `--app-name` flag for a one-time connection or run `spin aka link` to link your workspace to an application running on _Fermyon Wasm Functions_.
```
